[beeping]
[groaning]
Is it Kotetsu?
No. It's Mr. Lloyds.
Hello, this is Barnaby.
[Alexander Lloyds] Listen Barnaby,
I just got a call from the Justice Bureau.
That girl Kriem, who was
helping Jake
just came out of the coma she's been in
since the helicopter crash.
What?
[Wild Tiger chuckling]
Check out how young I looked.
I hadn't decided what
kind of a hero I wanted to be.
Argh! This is really not the time to be
doing this!
[sighs]
Here! This is so
you don't forget!
Alright.
Bunny, there's something
I have to tell you.
Sorry... But due to
events beyond my control...
I've decided to retire.
Yes! That sounds pretty good!
Oh, wait. I wonder if Bunny's gonna ask
what those events are?
-What do I say?
-[laughing]
Tiger, you're back!
It's great to see you!
-Thanks...
-Oh!
You took off so suddenly,
we were worried about you!
Yeah... Sorry.
It was only a few days,
but something didn't feel right about it.
I have to agree.
But you're back now, and
that's a reason to celebrate.
So welcome. And welcome again!
It's good to
be back.
Oh, come on, what's everyone getting
so excited about?
Huh?
I mean, you really didn't have to
come back if you didn't want to.
Why doesn't everyone admit it?
It felt nice having one less rival.
What's the point of lying
like that?
-Huh?
-Well, if I'm not mistaken,
you missed Mr. Wild more
than any of us.
Uh-- no I didn't.
Yes, she did. [impersonating voice]
"When is Tiger gonna come back?"
She asked me that every
single day.
-Yep, she asked me the same thing.
-Me, too.
Well... I... I was
worried.
-Welcome back.
-[Fire Emblem] Hmm...
I can't imagine what's
making her act like that. Hm?
[all] Hmm.
Well, her reaction does show
just how much we missed you.
Now that you're back,
everything's gonna be golden.
Right...
Oh, by the way,
anybody seen Bunny?
[all] Hm?
So, what's happening?
Have you told everybody
you're going to be quitting?
[Tiger] I... haven't found the right time
to bring up the subject.
[Wild Tiger's mother] Oh, good heavens!
What are you waiting for?!
[Tiger] Well, I wanted to tell my partner
first, but he hasn't been around.
[Tiger's mother] Are you sure you can do
this, Kotetsu?
The longer you wait, the harder
it's going to be for you to tell them--
Don't worry, I'm sure the opportunity
will come up soon.
As a matter of fact... I
heard Bunny's in a pretty good mood.
-A key suspect is finally talking.
-Oh?
That's right. And after that,
I'm gonna tell him.
Well, whatever works.
But please, son, don't drag your feet.
We need you back here
as soon as possible.
We've been having a tough time.
Kaede's powers are running wild!
Huh?
She's been breaking
everything in the house.
I'm telling you, it's
complete chaos!
[Tiger] Oh, yeah.
Takes a little bit of time before you
learn to control the Hundred Power.
Yes, I remember. You
had the same problem.
[gasps] Okay! That's it!
I'm sick of this--
Oh! My kitchen table!
If she keeps this up, I'm afraid she's
going to bring the whole house down!
So, hurry up, will you?!
Alright, already!
I'll resign and get back there
just as soon as I can. [sighs]
Hey, coffee,
Bunny?
Kotetsu, you
just get back?
Yeah.
What's up? Have you been able to get in
and talk to Kriem yet?
No, not yet.
After she heard about Jake's death...
Her condition worsened.
Not surprising.
So, what brings you here?
Uh, no reason. I just had...
something important I wanted to
talk to you about.
Oh? So, what is it?
[gasps] Never mind!
[chuckles] We'll talk about it
later.
Mr. Brooks? She says
she wants to talk to you.
The doctors said you have something
to tell me, Ms. Kriem?
I need to know...
Why did Jake kill my parents?
I guess you don't understand.
He was my savior.
Mr. Jake meant everything to me.
Yeah, right! This is nonsense!
[giggling]
Ever since I was
a little girl,
people treated me as if I were
some kind of awful monster,
just because I happened
to be a NEXT.
They would avoid me or terrorize me
wherever I went.
I was isolated-- persecuted by the world.
[girl] I heard she's not
a normal human.
[girl 2] Yeah, she's a NEXT!
[boy] She creeps me out.
[Kriem] No one had anything kind
to say to me.
They either ignored me or abandoned me.
Even my own parents didn't love me.
[Kriem's mother sobbing]
I can't take it anymore!
-[Kriem's father] Quiet, she can hear you.
-[Kriem's mother] I don't care if she can!
We're being treated like
monsters because of her!
It's driving me insane!
[Kriem's father] Why couldn't we just have
a normal child like everyone else?
[Kriem's mother] If I'd known she would be
a NEXT, I never would've had children!
[Kriem] I was different from everyone.
I wasn't a normal human being.
I looked the same as everyone else,
so why was this happening?
Why was I the only one
being treated like that?
Then, when everything
seemed so dark, I met him.
[struggling]
Now... Don't make a fuss.
[giggling]
[Kriem] Later that day, he demanded a
large sum of money from my father.
So that means... you were Jake's victim
at first?
[Kriem] Mm-hmm.
Then why the hell did you end up
joining that psycho?
It was a simple decision.
Mr. Jake saved me.
[gasping]
[groaning]
[Kriem] We waited in the station
for hours,
but in the end, my parents didn't
show up with the money.
They're not coming, are they?
They really don't want me.
It's because I'm a NEXT.
It's because I'm a freak.
[Jake Martinez] Hmm?
Sorry. My parents don't think
I'm worth the money.
There's no point in waiting,
you can kill me now.
Go ahead!
Get it over with!
It really doesn't matter.
No one's going to miss me anyway.
You're doing everyone a favor
by getting rid of me, so go ahead.
Kill me!
[sobbing]
Tell me, what's so great
about being normal?
[grunts] Don't be ashamed
of who you are. Be proud.
Listen to me, people consider
us freaks,
but we're actually the ultimate form of
human evolution.
The reason we've been
given power is easy to see.
We're the chosen ones.
What? We're the chosen
ones? Really?
I've never been more sure.
We NEXT stand above the human race.
Remember that.
The weak have always been
fearful beings.
In fact, they refuse to
accept the existence
of anyone who's superior to them.
You're a member of that superior race.
The rest of the population
is afraid of your abilities,
-and will always try to destroy you.
-[gasps]
[Jake] So remember, don't be shamed.
Be proud!
[gasps]
[Jake] Go on! You're free to leave!
[Kriem]
I couldn't believe what I had heard.
His words released me from my suffering.
He was the first person to accept me
for what I was,
and told me to be proud of it.
Wait, please!
[Jake grunts]
-Will you take me with you?
-Huh?
I get it! And I want to help you!
[groaning]
Fine. Whatever.
When I look back on it,
the only happy time in my life
was with him.
It was when I truly felt
alive, and free.
Mr. Jake and I were trying to
build a world ruled by NEXT,
where we'd be free from persecution.
It was a dream he had for a long time,
something we shared together.
[struggling]
Are you all right?
[gasping and struggling]
If you and your friends hadn't interfered
with the plan, we would have been saved!
We were on our way to completing our
ideal world, and you heroes killed him!
[sighing] How would that
have been ideal?
I mean, just look at
what you've described.
In that world, normal humans
would just experience what you did!
Everything would be the same,
but you'd end up being the persecutors!
It would be a natural progression.
After all, humans are inferior to NEXT.
So, killing normal people
would then be acceptable?
That would be your idea of justice?
Is that why... Jake went out
and killed my parents?
To defend Mr. Jake's honor,
I'm going to tell you something.
I know you think he was the one
who killed your parents...
-but you see, he didn't!
-[Bunny grunts]
I'm sure you remember,
your parents were killed 21 years ago,
on Christmas Eve.
[beeping intensifies]
That also happened to be the day
when Mr. Jake kidnapped me.
What are you saying?!
I can vouch for his innocence.
I was with him the entire day it happened.
You're lying!
Sorry, but he's innocent
of the crime.
That means your parents' murder
hasn't been solved, I guess.
-[giggles]
-[Bunny] Liar!
I hope the past tortures you
for the rest of your life!
-[heart monitor flatlines]
-[Bunny gasps]
This is your punishment
for killing Mr. Jake!
-[Bunny gasps]
-What are you doing?!
-[Kriem chokes and gasps]
-[Tiger] Hey! We need some help in here!
What's happened
to her?!
[grunting] We're just a small
faction of Ouroboros!
[doctor] Move out of the way!
[struggling] Ouroboros will never die!
-What are you talking about?!
-Hold her steady!
[hospital orderly] I'm trying!
[screams and gasps]
Mr. Jake. I will be with you... forever!
[Bunny] By the way...
What is it you wanted to tell me?
Huh?
[Bunny] Earlier, you said you had
something important to tell me.
Oh! Well... I don't need to
tell you right now.
[Bunny] Okay.
I'm really sorry, Bunny.
I know you were hoping today's meeting
would give you some closure.
Looks to me like we're
back to square one.
But I'm sure the answers are
out there--
[Bunny] Jake is the murderer!
Huh?
[Bunny] I remember the whole thing.
It's burned into my memory
like it happened yesterday!
There's no way it was someone else.
Then you think Kriem was saying all that
just to bait us?
[Bunny] Yes. She obviously held
a grudge against us.
Yeah, but... there really was a report
saying that Kriem had been kidnapped
21 years ago.
On top of that, the date was accurate.
According to the case file,
she went missing on Christmas Eve.
[Bunny] So what? It doesn't prove that
Jake was the one who kidnapped her!
But still...
Who are you going to believe?
I remember Jake as the murderer.
His face is burned into my memory.
I remember him looking at me,
right after he killed my parents!
He was holding a gun in his right hand,
the one with the Ouroboros tattoo on it!
What's the point in looking through
all those old video files?
I'm trying to see if there's any footage
of Jake with his gloves off.
What?
[Tiger] Well, we don't really know if
he was with Kriem
on the day your parents were murdered.
Trust me, he wasn't.
What if you're wrong?
You see, one thing we can easily confirm
is whether or not Jake
was sporting a tattoo.
We should be able to learn something
from these archived videos.
What are you saying?
That my memory's not reliable?
Well...
-This is so stupid.
-[Tiger scoffs]
A-ha!
Here we go.
Go ahead, but I already
know the answer.
Were the heroes too boring for you?
Well here's some titillating news!
After the next match, we're halfway done.
[both gasp]
He doesn't have a tattoo.
Can't be!
Impossible! Something's wrong!
Maybe he had surgery to remove it!
I can understand your feelings,
but there's no evidence he ever had one.
No way! That tattoo was very clear
in my memory!
If it wasn't him, who's
the murderer I saw?!
-[Bunny grunts]
-What's wrong?
[breathes heavily]
[Tiger] Hey, Bunny, you all right?
-What's going on?
-I'm not really sure!
The murderer's face changed?
Yeah. My memory of Jake's face suddenly
morphed into all sorts of other people.
What does that mean?
That's what I'm
trying to figure out!
Has something like this
ever happened to you before?
There was a time when
I couldn't remember his face...
But nothing like this.
-[Tiger grunts]
-[phone ringing]
Hello? Kotetsu? How did it go?
Have you told him you're quitting yet?
Uhh... not really.
What are you doing, son?!
You promised me earlier that
you were going to tell him
before the end of the day!
And I was going to, believe me!
But it's been crazy!
Things keep coming up!
Oh, please! Are you going to
break your promise to Kaede again?
[grunts]
I won't go on making excuses
for you, Kotetsu.
[sighs] So, how is Kaede?
Has she at least calmed down?
Well, not exactly.
It seems as though her power
is turning out turning out
a little differently than yours.
-[gasps]
-[man grunting]
[Tiger's mother] It's very strange.
Now her body is acting like a magnet.
-[groans]
-[Tiger] Wait a minute...
Are you saying she has
two separate powers?
I really can't tell.
That's why I want you to hurry.
Get home, will you?
So that you can look after her!
Who knows what powers
she's gonna have tomorrow.
Get here before something
really bad happens.
I'll do my best.
[gasps] Are you all right?
You sounded like you were worried.
Yeah. My daughter's developed some powers,
that's all.
Do you know
what kind?
Oh, not sure yet.
But there's something else
I've been meaning to talk about...
[Tiger clears throat]
Sorry. But due to certain events
beyond my control--
[Bunny] I understand.
You want to leave early, right?
Leave early?
It's fine. You should hurry home
and go see your daughter.
No, wait. I,
Wild Tiger--
You don't have to explain.
I can handle things.
Don't worry. It'll be
okay.
Wait a minute, that's not
what I meant--
Hello?
[Samantha Taylor] Oh, hello!
I haven't heard from you in a while.
I must say, it's kind of unusual
for you to give me a call.
Oh my! Who's the gentleman with you?
Hello, ma'am!
My name's Wild Tiger.
Very nice to meet you.
My name is Samantha.
I used to work as a housekeeper for
Master Barnaby and his family.
-Nice to meet you!
-Samantha...
[Taylor] Yes?
Sorry to bother you,
but there's something I want to ask.
What is it,
my dear?
21 years ago...
Can you tell me where you were
on the day my parents were murdered?
What?
That day...
You weren't there at the house, were you?
No. I believe I was home ill,
I remember having quite a serious cold.
Is there anyone who can
prove you were sick?
Prove it? I'm afraid not,
that was quite a long time ago.
So, the fact is, we have
to take your word--
-Hey, hold on a minute!
-What is it?
-What's goin' on with you?
-I told you what was going on!
My memory of the murderer's face
started changing!
Her face was in the mix!
So, you think she murdered
your folks?
What the hell's wrong with you, Bunny?
She seems to be just a
nice, sweet old lady.
Yeah, but she showed up
in my memory!
I don't have any other leads!
I have to follow up on the ones
that present themselves!
How do you know you can
trust your memory,
after all the things
you're starting to find out?
If you ask me, you're
acting nuts!
[Taylor] Umm... Master Barnaby...?
-Are you still there?
-[grunting]
He's still here, he just got interrupted.
He'll have to call you back.
At this point, I just don't know
what to think.
The facts I've believed all this time,
have suddenly begun to fall apart.
I feel like the ground's been
pulled out from under me.
[Tiger] That's completely
understandable.
-Kotetsu...
-[Tiger grunts]
Maybe it would be best if I just
stepped down, and quit being a hero.
Huh?
I'm not really confident I can do the job.
Not in this state of confusion, anyway.
What?!
Now, let's not get hasty!
I'm sorry. I need to sort some things out.
But-- hold on a
minute!
[Tiger] I'm so sorry, Kaede!
Daddy's been having a
really tough time!
Just when I was about to
tell my partner I was quitting,
he beat me to it and said
he was quitting!
Yeah, so?
Well, the problem is,
I'm not sure what to do.
If we all quit, no one's going to
be around to do the job, right?
So, that means you're
not coming home...
Not immediately...
I expected some excuse!
No! It's just a
temporary delay!
Uh... so, tell me about your powers!
I hear you have two of them,
that's pretty amazing!
-No. I just have one.
-Huh?
I have one power, okay?
Really? But grandma said that you had
magnetic power, plus the Hundred Power.
Looks like I have the
ability to copy powers.
[Tiger] Copy?
Uncle Muramasa told me he
thinks he figured it out.
I can copy the power
of any NEXT I touch.
He says I'm like a chameleon.
Don't think I've ever heard of
a power like that.
So... does the previous power go away
when you copy the new one--
I don't really know! And...
I don't really want to talk about it!
Oh, Kaede. Come on,
please tell daddy.
I don't even know why I'm talking to you!
What's the point?
You're not coming back!
That's not true, I'm
definitely coming home tomorr--
Oh, brother!